Add Being Right post by Leigh Hall (#319)
skybet/skybet.github.io: _posts/2021-09-21-being-right-is-just-the-beginning.md

---
title: "Being Right Is Just the Beginning"
date: 2021-09-21
image: "being-right.jpeg"
category: Security
tags: infosec, conference
author: leigh_hall
summary: "As an industry we’re obsessed with being smart. And that’s ok - good even, in the right context. But to get what we want we need to stop being the smartest person in the room and start being the most helpful in the room"
---

> On the 8th September I was very grateful to have the opportunity to speak at my local security/hacker conference DC151 in Leeds.

Reviewer: Pity the website is gone - would be nice to link to something on DC151, even if just twitter account

> In the talk I lamented my lack of drive in pursuing purely technical content anymore (there's plenty of that in my [old blog](https://medium.com/@leighhall)) instead reflecting my current career arc and giving a talk on "boring management stuff", as I prefaced.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the talk I lamented my lack of drive in pursuing purely technical content any more (there's plenty of that in my [old blog](https://medium.com/@leighhall)), instead reflecting my current career arc and giving a talk on "boring management stuff", as I prefaced.
```

Of course, I don't think it's boring or particularly constrained to management stuff, but that was the first layer of my subterfuge and was reflected back in the organiser's comment that DC151 hadn't seen a talk like this before.

Nice.

So anyway, this is a brief outline of my talk. Well, of my point, really, which is actually pretty simple, all told.

The most succint summary of what I was saying has since come from the co-organiser of DC151, Glenn:

> ["We need to stop being the smartest in the room and start being the most helpful in the room."](https://twitter.com/GlennPegden/status/1437063162432524290?s=20)

Reviewer: We do have a precedent for using embedded tweets elsewhere: https://publish.twitter.com/?hideConversation=on&query=https%3A%2F%2Ftwitter.com%2FGlennPegden%2Fstatus%2F1437063162432524290&widget=Tweet

Everything that you want to achieve hinges on your ability to convince other human beings of your point of view. To trade positions with them so that you each compromise what's happening in the right context so that you can get what you need and they can get what they need.

It's really obvious when written down or said out loud. But remains elusive to some InfoSec professionals to this day, in my experience.

What is all too easy to forget is that we're the tail, not the dog. Most businesses don't exist to do Perfect Security, if there were such a thing. Given infinite resources and infinite time I'm sure we could endlessly iterate on what we're designing and saying such that it improves, but in the meantime back in the real world we've got a requirement to make money. And InfoSec doesn't make money.

And herein lies the rub. How to get your own way in InfoSec relies on a simple economic truth: is it cheaper to do what I say, or is it more expensive?

And if you fall on the wrong side of that then you're almost never going to get your own way.

So how exactly do you make a non-revenue generating business area like InfoSec not cost money get its own way?

> This is where I revealed my final subterfuge for the DC151 crowd - not only was this a boring management talk, this was _also_ and boring Security Architecture talk!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is where I revealed my final subterfuge for the DC151 crowd - not only was this a boring management talk, this was _also_ a boring Security Architecture talk!
```
